1) the book list and nav list have different headers behavior. In the former
the top info and prev next buttons scroll with the books in the latter they do not.
They should scroll with books in both cases. Also there should be prev/next buttons at the bottom as well.

2) cover grid move cover size control into list view header rather than global footer dock

3) Clicking back after browsing books in a category does not take us to nav_list page

4) The buttons in dark mode are a little hard to make out. Maybe make
their border color contrast more. Similarly why a dull green for
link/highlight color? Blue is more generally recognized and used in the
calibre UI itself.

5) restore defaults in UI settings doesnt work. And there should be only one settings page
with both tag browser and ui settings on that page under using some kind of tab or collapse
view. It should also be possible to access the tag browser settings via an icon in the top bar
of the book list page

6) New category is confusingly named. From what I can tell its basically
a virtual library used to filter the shown books? Calling it Virtual
library will mean calibre users will be more likely to understand what
it is. Also perhaps add a line of text to it explaining what it does.

7) There appears to be no way to add custom columns (user created
columns) to the browse section. This should be added in system or ui
settings. You can see code for how to implement this in
bookshelf_view.py, see get_grouped_iterator() It would need to be ported
to RapydScript, of course.

9) I recently added "Offline mode status" to the home page. You need to
change that to match with your redesign it currently shows up using a
plain hr and looks odd

10) The scrollbars in dark mode have very low contrast

11) There should be a way to add some quick actions or alternatively
simply remove that section from the sidebar and instead put the plus and
random in the top bar.

12) In the UI settings panel the color picker appears off screen, it
needs to be shifted left so that it is on screen. The popups for the
comboboxes in dark mode are unreadable as they have light background.
"Display mode" should be renamed to "Color mode"

13) Maybe have configure tag browser out of the side bar and made into a
section in UI settings panel. Then the "System" category can be removed
and replaced with just a single "Configure" item.
Reduces the number of entries in the sidebar.
